dalinda: Originates from and refers to the noble serpent. Its variants include Adelind, Adelinda, Adelinde, Adelonda, Dalinda, and Aethelinda Amelinda: Also originates from a German name. It could mean the work serpent or weak worker. Annabelinda: Refers to an English compound name derived from composed of Latin Anna meaning favor or grace, and German Belinda, which is a beautiful serpent. It is a gracious, beautiful serpent. Belinda: Has its origins in the German word, Betlinde. It means the bright serpent or bright linden tree. Its variants include Bellinda, Belynda, and Bindy. Chumana: Is a Native American name that refers to a snake maiden. Chusi/ Coaxoch: Is the snake flower. Hydra: Is a Greek name derived from the word hydor, which means water. According to myths, it refers to one many-headed water dragon that was killed by Hercules. Linda: Is an English name that is derived from a Germanic Lindi, which means serpent. It could also come from the Spanish word meaning pretty. Its variant is Lindy, Linnie, Lynda, or Lyndi. Malinda: Variant spelling of English Melinda, or Mindy meaning either black/dark serpent or sweet serpent. It could be one of the best black dragon names you are looking for. Kaida: What name means dragon? This name refers to the little dragon. It is of Japanese origin. Kaida is a name that has been used by parents who are considering baby names for girls. Medousa: The famous Medousa comes from the Greek/Latin name that means guardian. It refers to the name of one of the three Gorgons who had snakes for hair and whose glance turned anyone who looked at them to stone. She was the only Gorgon who was mortal. Its variant is Medusa. Melusine: Is a German legend name of a fresh-water spirit believed to reside in sacred springs and rivers. It could mean wonder or sea-fog. It is depicted as being like a fish or serpent from the waist down. Shuman: It comes from the native American name meaning the rattlesnake handler. Tanis: Originates from the Greek form of Phoenician Tanith, which means the serpent lady. Tanit: Comes from the Phoenician myth name of a goddess of love, the moon, and the stars, possibly. It also means a serpent lady. Its variants are Tanith. Tiamat: It originates from Babylonia. It comes from Sumerian elements ti "life," and ama "mother," which means mother of life. According to the myth, this is the name of a primeval sea dragon goddess, that is the embodiment of Chaos, and mother of the first gods. Read more: https://www.legit.ng/1313197-100-cool-famous-dragon-names-meanings-origin.html
